links:
1.largest no.
https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-number/description/

2.check if array is sorted and rotated
https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-array-is-sorted-and-rotated/description/

3.remove duplicates from the sorted array
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/description/

4.rotate array
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/description/

5.kth largest element
https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-an-array/description/

6.move zeros
https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/description/

7.union of sorted arrays
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/union-of-two-sorted-arrays-1587115621/1

8.sorted array search
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/who-will-win-1587115621/1

9.missing number
https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/description/

10.single number
https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/

11.max cosecutive ones
https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones/description/

12.subarray equals k
https://leetcode.com/problems/subarray-sum-equals-k/description/

13.search insert position
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/description/

14.valid perfect square
https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-perfect-square/description/

15.find the first and last position of element in a sorted array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/

16.unique no. of occurences
https://leetcode.com/problems/unique-number-of-occurrences/description/

17.search in rotated sorted array
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/description/

18.search in rotated sorted array 2nd 
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array-ii/description/

19.find min in a rotated sorted array
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/description/

20.single element in a sorted array
https://leetcode.com/problems/single-element-in-a-sorted-array/description/

21.find kth rotation
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/rotation4723/1

22.find peak element
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-peak-element/description/

23.two sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/

24.sort colors
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/description/

25.majority element
https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/description/

26.maximum subarray
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/submissions/1412905455/

27.best time to buy and sell stocks
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/description/

28.rearrange array elements by sign
https://leetcode.com/problems/rearrange-array-elements-by-sign/description/

29.Next permutation
https://leetcode.com/problems/next-permutation/description/

30.replace elements with the greatest element right side
https://leetcode.com/problems/replace-elements-with-greatest-element-on-right-side/description/

31.Longest Consecutive Sequence in an Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/description/

32.spiral matrix
https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/description/

33.set matrix zeros
https://leetcode.com/problems/set-matrix-zeroes/description/

34.rotate image
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/description/

35.array to linked list
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/introduction-to-linked-list/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=introduction-to-linked-list

36.linked list insertion at end
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/linked-list-insertion-1587115620/0?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=linked-list-insertion

37.delete node in linked list
https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-node-in-a-linked-list/description/

38.count linked list nodes
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/count-nodes-of-linked-list/0?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=count-nodes-of-linked-list

39.search in linked list
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/search-in-linked-list-1664434326/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=search-in-linked-list-1664434326

40.introduction_to_doubly_linked_list
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/introduction-to-doubly-linked-list/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=introduction-to-doubly-linked-list

41.doubly linked list insertion at a given position
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/insert-a-node-in-doubly-linked-list/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=insert-a-node-in-doubly-linked-list

42.delete node in doubly linked list
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/delete-node-in-doubly-linked-list/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=delete-node-in-doubly-linked-list

43.Reverse a LinkedList [Iterative]
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/description/

44.Reverse a LinkedList [recursive]
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/description/

45.Reverse a DLL
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/reverse-a-doubly-linked-list/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=reverse-a-doubly-linked-list

46.middle of a linked list
https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/description

47.linked list cycle
https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/description/

48.pallindrome linked list
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-linked-list/description/

49.find length of the loop
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/find-length-of-loop/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=find-length-of-loop

50.delete the middle node of linked list
https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-the-middle-node-of-a-linked-list/description/

51.odd even linked list
https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/description/

52.remove nth node from end of list
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/description/

53.sort list
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-list/description/

54.sort a link list of 0s,1s,2s
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/given-a-linked-list-of-0s-1s-and-2s-sort-it/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=given-a-linked-list-of-0s-1s-and-2s-sort-it

55.intersection of 2 linked list
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-linked-lists/description/

56.add 2 numbers
https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/description/

57.Add 1 to a number represented by LL
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/add-1-to-a-number-represented-as-linked-list/1

58.Delete all occurrences of a key in DLL
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/delete-all-occurrences-of-a-given-key-in-a-doubly-linked-list/0

59.Find pairs with given sum in DLL
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/find-pairs-with-given-sum-in-doubly-linked-list/1

60.Remove duplicates from sorted DLL
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/remove-duplicates-from-a-sorted-doubly-linked-list/0

61.remove outermost parantheses
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-outermost-parentheses/description/

62.reverse words in a string
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string/description/

63.largest odd no. in string
https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-odd-number-in-string/description/

64.rotate string
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-string/description/

65.longest common prefix
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/description/

66.isomorhic strings
https://leetcode.com/problems/isomorphic-strings/description/
